docs: fix join Slack community link (#9334)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/contact/contact_info.md

4. Join in on the fun in [#tools-lightdash](https://getdbt.slack.com/archives/C026WJE4A69) in dbt's Slack space.

>   If you're not already a member of dbt's Slack, then you can add yourself with [this invite link](https://join.slack.com/t/lightdash-community/shared_invite/zt-2ehqnrvqt-LbCq7cUSFHAzEj_wMuxg4A). Once you're in there, join us in [#tools-lightdash](https://getdbt.slack.com/archives/C026WJE4A69).

Reviewer: this one should be unchanged @TuringLovesDeathMetal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If you're not already a member of dbt's Slack, then you can add yourself with [this invite link](https://join.slack.com/t/getdbt/shared_invite/zt-z3ztp07n-P1JXnr0AR4jMA5eNmPul0g). Once you're in there, join us in [#tools-lightdash](https://getdbt.slack.com/archives/C026WJE4A69).
```
